MobileNet example (#1175)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/mobilenet-rayservice.md

## Step 1: Create a Kubernetes cluster with Kind.

```sh
kind create cluster --image=kindest/node:v1.23.0
```

## Step 2: Install KubeRay operator

Follow [this document](../../helm-chart/kuberay-operator/README.md) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator via Helm repository.

## Step 3: Install a RayService

```sh
# path: ray-operator/config/samples/
kubectl apply -f ray-service.mobilenet.yaml
```

* The [mobilenet.py](https://github.com/ray-project/serve_config_examples/blob/master/mobilenet/mobilenet.py) file requires `tensorflow` as a dependency. Hence, the YAML file uses `rayproject/ray-ml:2.5.0` instead of `rayproject/ray:2.5.0`.
* `python-multipart` is required for the request parsing function `starlette.requests.form()`, so the YAML file includes `python-multipart` in the runtime environment.

## Step 4: Forward the port of Serve

```sh
kubectl port-forward svc/rayservice-mobilenet-serve-svc 8000
```

Note that the Serve service will be created after the Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take approximately 1 minute after all Pods in the RayCluster are running.

## Step 5: Send a request to the ImageClassifier

> * Step 5.1: Prepare an image file (e.g. golden.png)

Reviewer: Do we need the `(e.g. golden.png)` part? I don't see it referenced anywhere else, so I think it's okay if we remove it.

```suggestion
* Step 5.1: Prepare an image file.
```

# RayService: MobileNet example

> Both Python scripts for Ray Serve and sending requests are in the repository [kevin85421/ray-serve-examples](https://github.com/kevin85421/ray-serve-examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python files for the Ray Serve application and its client are in the repository [kevin85421/ray-serve-examples](https://github.com/kevin85421/ray-serve-examples).
```

Reviewer: Can you change the repo to the `ray-project` repo that you put the files in, instead of your personal GitHub?

Reviewer: Could you make this a `Note`? Something like [this](https://docs.ray.io/en/releases-2.5.1/serve/performance.html#performance-tuning) from the Ray docs:

<img width="682" alt="Screen Shot 2023-06-20 at 4 47 00 PM" src="https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/assets/92341594/f5b12438-c4d8-4bfc-bd45-18bfb8c14f2a">

Author: > Can you change the repo to the ray-project repo that you put the files in, instead of your personal GitHub?

I apologize for this. I have already made the change but forgot to push it to the remote repository.

Reviewer: No worries, thanks for making the change!

Author: Solved by https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/pull/1175/commits/4bba967fcf2e7a145a4b404d8e91fa3ff6bc6641.

## Step 1: Create a Kubernetes cluster with Kind.

```sh
kind create cluster --image=kindest/node:v1.23.0
```

## Step 2: Install KubeRay operator

> Follow this [document](../../helm-chart/kuberay-operator/README.md) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator via Helm repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this document](../../helm-chart/kuberay-operator/README.md) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator via Helm repository.
```

## Step 3: Install a RayService

```sh
# path: ray-operator/config/samples/
kubectl apply -f ray-service.mobilenet.yaml
```

> * The [mobilenet.py](https://github.com/kevin85421/ray-serve-examples/blob/main/mobilenet.py) requires `tensorflow` as a dependency. Hence, the YAML file uses `rayproject/ray-ml:2.5.0` instead of `rayproject/ray:2.5.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [mobilenet.py](https://github.com/kevin85421/ray-serve-examples/blob/main/mobilenet.py) file requires `tensorflow` as a dependency. Hence, the YAML file uses `rayproject/ray-ml:2.5.0` instead of `rayproject/ray:2.5.0`.
```

Reviewer: Could you also change this link to the `ray-project` repo?

Author: I have already removed all personal GitHub link.

* `python-multipart` is required for the request parsing function `starlette.requests.form()`, so the YAML file includes `python-multipart` in the runtime environment.

## Step 4: Forward the port of Serve

```sh
kubectl port-forward svc/rayservice-mobilenet-serve-svc 8000
```

> Note that the Serve service will be created after the Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take some time.

Reviewer: Could you give a rough estimate for how long the process should take? Does "some time" mean minutes or hours?

Author: I performed an experiment:

1. Load the Ray image into the Kind cluster, so that all Pods in the RayCluster will start running within a few seconds.
2. Create the RayService
3. The Serve service is created after 39 seconds (42s - 3s = 39s) when all Pods are running.

<img width="1312" alt="Screen Shot 2023-06-20 at 10 14 03 PM" src="https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/assets/20109646/8acaf028-7550-47fd-9418-e188282cf104">

Author: https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/pull/1175/commits/317004637c879781737b62fe9cd8455c2bd1c195

## Step 5: Send a request to the ImageClassifier

> * Step 5.1: Prepare an image file (e.g. golden.png)

Reviewer: Should `golden.png` link to an image?

Author: `golden.png` is a path that points to an image in your current environment.

> * Step 5.2: Update `image_path` in [mobilenet_req.py](https://github.com/kevin85421/ray-serve-examples/blob/main/mobilenet_req.py

Reviewer: Could you change this link to the `ray-project` repo?

)

> * Step 5.3: Send a request to the ImageClassifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Step 5.3: Send a request to the `ImageClassifier`.
```

  ```sh

>   python3 mobilenet_req.py

Reviewer: It's better to use `python` instead of `python3` here to maintain consistency with the rest of the docs.

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/pull/1175/commits/c9431d28fd2dd135fd1c497afc4c2a3e6ddfe4e2
